PXB-1741 copy-backup option - update description (8.0) (#948)
percona/percona-xtrabackup: storage/innobase/xtrabackup/doc/source/xtrabackup_bin/partial_backups.rst

Creating Partial Backups
================================================================================

> There are multiple ways of specifying which part of the whole data is backed up:

Reviewer: This does not mack sense to me 
there are 2 '--tables-file' with different descriptions 

the 2 '--database...' entries have the same description

What is the intent and usage of the options?

Author: Fixed.
The options provide a method of selecting either tables or databases to be backed up.  The tables option and the database option require you to list the selected objects in the command line. The tables-file option and the database-file option allow you to have a list of items in a file and to use that file when performing a backup.

   $ xtrabackup --prepare --export --target-dir=/path/to/partial/backup

> If you use the :option:`--prepare` option on a partial backup, and you see warnings about tables that do not exist, these tables exist in the data dictionary inside InnoDB, but their corresponding :term:`.ibd` files do not exist. These files were not copied into the backup directory. The tables are removed from the data dictionary during the process and do not cause errors or warning in subsequent backups and restores.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use the :option:`--prepare` option on a partial backup, and you see warnings about tables that do not exist, these tables exist in the data dictionary inside InnoDB, but their corresponding :term:`.ibd` files do not exist. These files were not copied into the backup directory but they exist on the data dictionary.
```

Author: Updated.

> An error message example during the prepare phase follows. ::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An error message example during the prepare phase follows. ::

Could not find any file associated with the tablespace ID: 4
Could not find any file associated with the tablespace ID: 5
Use --innodb-directories to find the tablespace files. If that fails then use --innodb-force-recovery=1 to ignore this and to permanently lose all changes to the missing tablespace(s)
```

Author: Changed.

  InnoDB: Reading tablespace information from the .ibd files...
  101107 22:31:30  InnoDB: Error: table 'test1/t'
  InnoDB: in InnoDB data dictionary has tablespace id 6,
  InnoDB: but tablespace with that id or name does not exist. It will be removed from data dictionary.

> 

Reviewer 2: For the lines below:

Restoring Partial Backups
================================================================================

Restoring should be done by :ref:`restoring individual tables
<restoring_individual_tables>` in the partial backup to the server.
It can also be done by copying back the prepared backup to a "clean"
:term:`datadir` (in that case, make sure to include the ``mysql``
database) to the datadir your are moving the backup to. System database can be created with:
.. code-block:: bash
   $ sudo mysqld --initialize --user=mysql

Once you start the server, you might see mysql complaining about missing tablespaces:

```
2021-07-19T12:42:11.077200Z 1 [Warning] [MY-012351] [InnoDB] Tablespace 4, name 'test1/t1', file './d2/test1.ibd' is missing!
2021-07-19T12:42:11.077300Z 1 [Warning] [MY-012351] [InnoDB] Tablespace 4, name 'test1/t1', file './d2/test1.ibd' is missing!
```

In order to clean the orphan database from the data dictionary, you will have to manually create the missing database directory then DROP it from the server:

```
$ mkdir /var/lib/mysql/test1/d2
mysql> DROP DATABASE d2;
Query OK, 2 rows affected (0.05 sec) 
```

Author: Added.

It can also be done by copying back the prepared backup to a "clean"
:term:`datadir` (in that case, make sure to include the ``mysql``
database) to the datadir you are moving the backup to. A system database can be created with the following:

.. code-block:: bash

>    $ sudo mysql_install_db --user=mysql

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   $ sudo mysqld --initialize --user=mysql
```

Author: Fixed.

Once you start the server, you may see mysql complaining about missing tablespaces:

.. sourcecode:: mysql

      2021-07-19T12:42:11.077200Z 1 [Warning] [MY-012351] [InnoDB] Tablespace 4, name 'test1/t1', file './d2/test1.ibd' is missing!
      2021-07-19T12:42:11.077300Z 1 [Warning] [MY-012351] [InnoDB] Tablespace 4, name 'test1/t1', file './d2/test1.ibd' is missing!

> In order to clean the orphan database from the data dictionary, you must manually create the missing database and then ``DROP`` this database from the server. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to clean the orphan database from the data dictionary, you must manually create the missing database folder and then ``DROP`` this database from the server. 
```

Author: Added.

Example of creating the missing database:

.. sourcecode:: bash

      $ mkdir /var/lib/mysql/test1/d2

Example of dropping the database from the server:

.. sourcecode:: mysql

      mysql> DROP DATABASE d2;

>       Query OK, 2 rows affected (0.0.5 sec)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Query OK, 2 rows affected (0.5 sec)
```

Author: Fixed
